Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/private_wheel_packages/README.md

# Private wheel packages

> This example demonstrates how to use a private wheel package from a job in a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to use a private wheel package from a job.
```

# Usage

You can refer to private wheel files from job libraries or serverless environments by downloading the wheel

> and making it part of your Declarative Automation Bundle deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and making it part of your bundle deployment.
```
